you have a tricky Richards called Kannan
mash hi and welcome to cheeky witches
Kolkata is rich creamy traditional Irish
dish is an easy side dish perfect for
st. Patrick's Day or any other winter
celebration the ingredients are in the
recipe box below so let's get started
the first thing we are going to do is
peel and cube our potatoes peeled and
cubed our potatoes just into twenty
five-millimeter whole bunch dice we're
going to drop your one chicken stock
cube and enough water to cover and then
we're going to boil it until the
potatoes are tender
he was populist Joe cover them with
water and boil them until they're tender
all our potatoes are cooking we're just
going to get our bacon Rush's cut them
into three millimeter sections coarsely
chop those they don't have to be too
serious then we chop our cabbage same
deal and once that way that's not too
big in string to eat that's one side is
will using little Sugarloaf cabbage here
he's got plenty of green in it now our
parsley now we get our spring onion just
roughly cut this not putting any other
onion in this so we want to have some of
the texture of our onion left and also
going to be some of the color for our
couple and match alright next step okay
to what we're going to add our bacon on
a medium to high heat sweat some of that
fat out of the bacon and give it a bit
of color
just keep that moving around
13 minutes our potatoes are tender see
comes away quite easily we're going to
drain them now but don't discard this
water because there's still plenty of
flavor in that water and we may need to
loosen our potatoes depending on the wax
enos of your potatoes - how much
moisture you are going to actually need
to make a nice creamy mash so we're just
going to take the potatoes out and just
retain some of that food that in itself
is a good stop for vegetable vegetable
soup so it's in with our cream and half
of our butter we don't want all of our
butter of the stage the rest of the
butter is going to be left for garnish
on top of that rock on and mash so we
just mash this together now now we're
looking a little thick as this one is
we're just going to add a little bit
more of our potato stock the chicken
stock you bit it just enough to make a
nice creamy mash that stock is still hot
so it's not going to lower the
temperature of our potato at all it is
impossible to tell you exactly how much
of our stock we use because it all
depends on the potatoes that you're
using
I'm going to stop it too much taste it
for seasoning so figure the bacon will
impart a saltiness that's quick okay in
with our bacon and cabbage and our
parsley it's a good mix around and there
you have a cheeky riches Cole :
Irish bubble and squeak mesh if you want
to see more interesting recipes and
ideas don't forget to please check out
my cheesy richer Channel and don't
forget to subscribe do come back and
visit us again soon we have so much more
to show you just scoop out Kyle :
just quite here being quite hot into our
serving dish see how rich and creamy
this is it's absolutely delicious
make a little well in the center just
pop your now blob of spare butter to
melt through chicky rich hos creamy
Cole : yeah yeah we just put a scoop of
Alcock on and mash onto our plate that
is a meal chicky rich oh st. Patrick's
days
Cole : breakfast